ROCM-1254 - add changelog for 7.13 (#5225)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/clr/CHANGELOG.md

Full documentation for HIP is available at [rocm.docs.amd.com](https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/HIP/en/latest/index.html)

## HIP 7.13 for ROCm 7.13

### Added

* New HIP APIs

>     - `cooperative_groups::reduce()` allows calling reduce operators on `thread_block_tile`s and `coalesced_threads`. The implementation is based on the `__reduce_*_sync` operations, so the macro `HIP_ENABLE_EXTRA_WARP_SYNC_TYPES` may be needed to unlock some optimizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `cooperative_groups::reduce()` allows calling reduce operators on `thread_block_tiles` and `coalesced_threads`. The implementation is based on the `__reduce_*_sync` operations, so the macro `HIP_ENABLE_EXTRA_WARP_SYNC_TYPES` may be needed to unlock some optimizations.
```
